doc: google - clean BQ async (#31727)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/operators/cloud/bigquery.rst

    :end-before: [END howto_operator_bigquery_get_data]

The below example shows how to use

> :class:`~airflow.providers.google.cloud.operators.bigquery.BigQueryGetDataOperator`in async.
> Note that this is a deferrable operator which requires the Triggerer to be running on your Airflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~airflow.providers.google.cloud.operators.bigquery.BigQueryGetDataOperator`
in async (deferrable) mode. Note that a deferrable task requires the Triggerer to be
running on your Airflow
```

Same for other deferrable mentions below.

    :end-before: [END howto_operator_bigquery_get_data]

The below example shows how to use
:class:`~airflow.providers.google.cloud.operators.bigquery.BigQueryGetDataOperator`
in async (deferrable) mode. Note that a deferrable task requires the Triggerer to be

> running on your Airflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
running on your Airflow deployment.
```

Looks like that got accidentally dropped.

Author: thanks

    :end-before: [END howto_operator_bigquery_insert_job]

The below example shows how to use
:class:`~airflow.providers.google.cloud.operators.bigquery.BigQueryInsertJobOperator`
in async (deferrable) mode. Note that a deferrable task requires the Triggerer to be

> running on your Airflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
running on your Airflow deployment.
```
